>> Mike North: All right.
So, this is our second exercise here.
And in this exercise we're
going to really be working with
interfaces more than just those
explicit type annotations.
So, you're gonna open
up the exercise folder.
There's a sub-folder in
there called accounts.
You're gonna run npn test accounts and
that'll start your tests up.
And what you've got here think of it as
the, a like authentication system for
like a blog or something like that,
where you can register a new user,
you can try to log a user in and
you've got two concepts.
You've got a user and an admin.
So you're gonna want to design
interfaces as appropriate for
structures that represent what various,
accounts in certain states look like.
So users have an email and a password.
When a user is activated it
gets an is active property and
that will have a value of true.
Admins additionally have an admin since
property which is a type of date.
So I'll let you figure out how to do that.
You can experiment.
Export the interfaces from the account
manager file as IUser and IAdmin.
So you can export an interface the same
way you can export anything else.
Update the account manager class
that has been started for you such
that any type mismatching is caught by
the typescript compiler at build time.
And you should see a bunch of red
squiggles in that file if you
look right now.
It should be complaining.
>> Mike North: And so just to be clear
like a new user registers for an account
and administrator has to activate them,
at which point they can log in,
and an administrator can also
promote a user to admin status, so
you sort of got a couple different states,
a user that just signed up,
a user that is confirmed, and
then a user that's an admin.
So there are three potential
structures you have to think about.
So apply interfaces and snuff out all of
the complaints in this file that you're
getting from TypeScript which should
largely be based around implicit anys.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Mike North: All right questions online?
So I see one saying we can have
multiple interfaces with the same name.
So Rob was asking that online.
You can't have, when you refer
to an interface of a given name.
You're basically referring to
the same interface over and over.
So you can think of that as us
modifying the same interface and
adding additional properties to it.
When we talk about interfaces being open,
that means we can extend it,
we can describe additional
fields by sort of having
another interface declaration there.
It's not a declaration but
an interface expression.
>> Mike North: So, if we find out
that the interface page, wait,
can we find out about the interface
page having multiple interfaces with
the same name before we start this?
So Liz pointed out rightly.
This is not the same as a Java
interface in that here we can have
property names whereas in Java you
can only have method signatures.
So that is that rightly so.
It's been a while since I wrote Java.
Years and years.
You have a question.
>> Speaker 3: Can interfaces
extend other interfaces?
>> Mike North: Yes.
Feel free to use that in this.
>> Speaker 3: Syntax for that would be?
>> Mike North: Extend,
like interface foo extends bar.
Same thing with classes.
You don't have to use that for this,
cuz remember it's just about structure.
So if you define another structure that
happens to be a super set that we would
say that like yes, that is like, one is
assignable to the other in the same way.
>> Speaker 3: Right, right.
>> Mike North: Does that make sense?
All right.